Instructions for installing the Prospero applications

This distribution includes the source code for the Prospero applications.

Select a directory in which the Prospero binaries will be installed.
The path of this directory will be compiled into some of the programs.

To tailor the applications to your systems's configuration, edit the
file include/psite.h (this has changed significantly since the last
release).  The only definitions that should be applicable to you in
section 1 are P_BINARIES and P_PATH.  If you will be using the default
site for the storage of virtual systems (which is likely to be the
case if you retrieved the client only distribution), there should be
no changes in section 2 either.

Next, edit include/pmachine.h.  This file defines some of the machine
and OS specific parameters needed by Prospero.

Make sure that you have replaced the top level Makefile by Makefile_u.  

Then edit the top level Makefile.  First set any machine-specific
parameters.  If you're installing the binaries under HP-UX or another
system which lacks a BSD-like INSTALL, redefine the INSTALL macro as
discussed in the Makefile.  If you're on an AIX system redefine the
MACHDEF macro as discussed in the Makefile.  If you're on a MIPS or
VAX ULTRIX system, you may also need to define the MACHDEF macro as
discussed in the Makefile.

Now set the installation parameters in the top level Makefile.  Set
P_BINARIES to the directory in which the binaries are to be installed.
OWNER and GROUP should be set to the intended owner and group for the
Pospero binaries.  This release must be compiled with an ANSI
compiler; therefore, the default is 'gcc'.  If you're using another
compiler, you may want to change the definitions of CC and CFLAGS.  We
set CFLAGS to enable debugging by default in order to facilitate bug
reporting.  If you are low on diskspace, you may want to redefine
CFLAGS to turn off the inclusion of debugging information in the
executables, and you may want to strip the resulting executables.

If you will be building the PFS compatibility library (which redefines
open and several other library functions), you will have to:
a) remove the definition of P_NO_PCOMPAT from include/psite.h.  
b) replace lib/pcompat/Makefile with lib/pcompat/Makefile.pcompat
c) replace app/Makefile with app/Makefile.pcompat
d) In addition, some systems will require a change to the SC_REDEF variable
   definition in app/Makefile.pcompat.

Next, move back to the top level directory for the distribution and
type 'make'.  Once the distribution has been successfully built, type
'make install'.  If you are running a previous release of prospero,
rename P_BINARIES to P_BINARIES.old before you 'make install', and
keep P_BINARIES.old around for a while in case you need to revert to
the previous version of Prospero.

The directory app contains the code for versions of cat and ls which
may be linked with the compatability library.  Other programs may also
be linked with the compatability library, but filenames hardcoded into
those programs (or the libraries they call) might be resolved using
Prospero, causing unexpected behavior if those names do not identify
the same files in the active virtual system.

The directory "doc" contains the source to (a) a manual on using the
Prospero file system, (b) a manual describing version 5 of the
Prospero protocol, and (c) a terse description of the functions in the
Prospero library.  The file "getting-started.txt" in that directory
contains enough information to get started.  The file ".virt-sys" in
that directory contains a reference to a guest virtual system at the
USC Information Sciences Institute.  This may be copied to your home
directory.  If you would like your own virtual system contact
pfs-administrator@isi.edu.

Bug reports should be sent to:

  bug-prospero@isi.edu

Requests or queries about the release should be sent to:

  info-prospero@isi.edu

Requests for creation of virtual systems stored at the USC Information
Sciences Institute guest site, or requests to establish one's own
Prospero site should be sent to:

  pfs-administrator@isi.edu

A public mailing list has been set up for discussion of Prospero.
Among other things, this list can be used to announce directories of
information that users have created and wish to share.  The name of
the list is:

  prospero@isi.edu

Requests for addition or deletions should be sent to:

  prospero-request@isi.edu

